Add static pre-release job (#9649)
haskell/cabal: CONTRIBUTING.md

`haskell.org/cabal`, and [@Mikolaj](https://github.com/Mikolaj) is the point of contact for getting
permissions.

Preview Releases
----------------

We make preview releases available to facilitate testing of development builds.

Artifacts can be found on the [`cabal-head` release page](https://github.com/haskell/cabal/releases/tag/cabal-head).

> Each CI pipeline generates tarballs with a `cabal` executable, and pipelines on `HEAD` also update this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Validate CI pipeline generates tarballs with a `cabal` executable. The executable gets uploaded to this release by the pipelines that run on `master`.
```

Author: Thanks, that's nicer!

Author: I've applied and squashed it into the previous commit
